# CS-255-System-analysis-and-design

The DriverPass system intended for the company of DriverPass who wanted to have an interactive and efficient website developed to help increase peoples chances of passing their driving exam. DriverPass wanted the system to be loaded with functions such as appointment booking, course material and have progress tracker for students while being strictly website based. I Believe I particularly created the UML flow diagram and case charts very well. Each of these charts ultimately broke down the hierarchy of the system, while the case diagrams broke down specific component layouts ushc as how the login and password reset is performed internal within the system.

Looking back over the documents now, if there was one compost I could change that would be the initial use case diagram. I believe this document could be revised simply because I would like to show more functionality and more of the relationships between the four objects. With that being said, overall I believe I accomplished the overall objective of viewing the companies request and interrupting their request to the best of my ability within the system. To do this I reviewed documented interviews and built the systems from the ground up by compiling a list of desired components, along with adding functionality and usability to these functions to make them as easy to use as possible.

I approached the software design stage carefully. First by reviewing my designs and diagrams before hand to check for errors or any type of potential mishaps before actually designed. by using this method I was able to work through the design stage more effectively as it requires less time troubleshooting and having to back track to redesign any of the major components needed for the system. Overall, in any future projects I would use the same plan again by utilizing UML, use case, and flow diagram to flush out any project then carefully comparing those documents to the initial interviews or lists of desired objectives from a client. This is to ensure I have met all needs for a system and have not overlooked any serious design flaws before developing the software.
